about one month ago I made a video the
title begins with the words stop
treating women like infants and I think
that's gonna end up being a series of
videos I think I'm gonna have a playlist
in the end of all the different videos I
make that have this in the title because
a very interesting thing happened in
terms of the audience response to that
video quite a few people wrote to me
through messages through email quite a
few people wrote to me with the sincere
Epiphany sudden realization that their
position of only a few days earlier had
actually been sexist at a time when they
work using me of being sexist alright
and something similar has happened here
with these ridiculous allegations from
Ryan of happy healthy vegan that I am
sexist and really sincerely when I watch
the video from Ryan I perceive him as
sexist in a very fundamentally important
way ok um with that earlier example stop
treating women like infants when G is 30
Ivanka Trump is 35 had a situation where
people were criticizing me and saying
that I was sexist and saying basically
demanding to know how dare you criticize
when G as if she's an intelligent adult
who's responsible for her own opinions
and for the quality of her own content
on YouTube be it high low or indifferent
how do you do that when she's only a
young woman when she is only a girl when
she's just a girl ok now this is an
especially bizarre example because when
G is not a girl when she is 30 years old
and many people were shocked to learn
that okay and the video app loaded with
this title stopped treating women like
infants argued persuasively that what
you're doing in trying to put a woman
above reproach or beneath contempt
outside of the scope the range of this
kind of real criticism that is really
sexist in a profound way it's of
tremendous importance that we do engage
in critique that take somebody like when
G as seriously as I take somebody like
Gary Francie ohne okay and to do
anything else is basically dehumanizing
women young or old alright when she is
30 years old if when she were only 18
years old would I speak about her in a
different way
um yes but I mean the way in which
somebody's age influences your critique
is quite subtle I mean I would never
treat when gee the way that Ryan from
happy LD began tells me I ought to treat
women not if she was 18 and not if she
was 80 but to give an example when I did
a book review recently made a book
review and an in-depth discussion of
what we assume is the final book from
Gary Fran Sione
Gary Fran Sione is now a very elderly
man and he has this book and by its
title and his style it seems like it's
his final political declaration on
veganism and animal rights now maybe I'm
wrong maybe he's gonna live another 30
years and write another ten books but
nevertheless when you look at that book
written by an elderly man at the end of
his career you do evaluate it you do you
know you do criticize it differently
then you would a book written by maybe a
vegan activist who's only 19 years old
was at the start of his career who may
have many disappointments ahead of him
who may change his perspective in so
many ways and you know criticism
directed young people I think it is in
many ways more important because those
young people still have the capacity to
change there was a young woman I'm not
gonna say who she was involved in vegan
activism in real life and she came here
online on YouTube and on reddit and
other discussion forums and I was not
the only one who perceived correctly so
I forget her age let's say she was 21
she could have been 23 I forget the say
she was 21 um I was not the only one for
correctly perceived that she didn't just
endorse violence she was really on a bit
of a downward spiral um in terms of
becoming more and more violent and more
angry and this is coming out interactive
isms command things you said on the
internet and you know some people a lot
of people maybe hundreds of people saw
these Pro violent statements you made on
the internet and dismissed it because
she's just a girl she's a young woman
and I remember I I got a hold of and I
talked to her and I said look you know I
was talking to a friend of mine the
other day and both of us have seen these
kind of things you say on the Internet
and we both think you're gonna get
yourself put in prison
we don't think you're joking and like I
want to talk to you like you know let's
talk like you know can you get
counseling like of course I'm partly
wanting to give her advice herself so
she stays at jail on you know you know
she's young enough to get herself into a
fistfight get herself put in prison
she's also young enough to change it's
even more important that somebody like
me takes the time and concern and takes
her seriously takes her as seriously as
you would take a 21 year old man but
also I take her as seriously as I would
a 35 year old man she's an adult she's
an adult she's making her own decisions
she's making decisions that are gonna
have consequences change mister life and
remember I talked to her you know she
did admit to me some of the problems she
was having with rage with violence in
her own life and she told about one
example where in over a pretty trivial
confrontation when she was driving her
car she stopped the car got out of the
car and ran down the sidewalk chase day
on a complete stranger and punched him
in the back of the head so you know I
read that correctly movies just based on
like snarky comments she made on the
Internet
but like those warning signs seriously
with her not for the sake of belittling
her criticism is not an end in itself
right and I did the right thing and
taking that seriously and reaching out
to her and that's what all of you guys
should do too regardless of age
regardless of gender
you shouldn't trivialize dehumanize
treats treat someone like an infant
because they are a young woman and in
most of these cases you're really just
talking about how the wound presents
herself
not even her real age when G is 30 but
she has blue hair and she presents
herself in a somewhat childlike way on
camera in terms of her on-camera persona
Nina and Randa are 23 as of the last
time betrayed it's possible they've had
a birthday and then have 24 23 years old
they present themselves like idiots so a
lot of people defend them as if they're
I don't know 18 now I do think in a
substantive sense we should still
criticize them we should take what
they're doing seriously and criticize if
they were 18
what would the criticism be different if
they were 18 as opposed to 23 in a
subtle way yes not the extent of
dehumanizing them not the extent of
treating them like infants not failing
to take it seriously not dismissing it
because they are young women if anything
why not take it more seriously because
they have their whole lives ahead of
them when I'm criticizing Gary France
Leona I mean again it criticism is not
in itself there are a lot of reasons to
criticize the work the intellectual
legacy the political influence of Gary
francais on his book when you're reading
the book of an old man an elderly man
going to his retirement probably doesn't
have so many books left in him there's a
lot of bitterness in that book there are
years and years of experience years of
expertise but I don't think I can I'm
gonna change his mind you can feel in
that book that seething rage he has
towards peda people with ethical
journals the the rage and disappointment
he has from so many years of dealing
with humane society United States and
also just something less serious but you
can see he just has no interest in
scientific research into animal
intelligence you know it's just
interesting use of clarity I don't think
I could influence him on any of those
things you know what I mean because he
is he's writing when you read that book
it sounds like a book written by a
bitter old man and it is still worth
reading and my review and discussion the
book is for a project don't get me wrong
but do i humanize him or dismiss him on
that account no do i do humanize or
dismiss Nina and Randa or when
because they are so-called young women
no take it seriously you don't respect
them enough to disrespect them in the
same way you would disrespect an adult
man it's what you'd expect young girls
to be making videos of that like boys
dating and the like it's what you'd
expect young girls to have videos about
really and what he shows on camera is a
selection of the absolute garbage
content that Nina and Randa have really
really Ryan so you don't expect better
from a 23 year old adult a 23 year old
man a 2301 because there are young girls
at age 23 really it's what you'd expect
young girls to be making videos of that
young girls really Ryan is that what
you'd expect of your own daughter at age
23 put into Google or search within
YouTube Nina
Randa challenge the lick my body
challenge the try not to laugh challenge
the chubby bunny challenge it's it's
garbage content it's not what I expect
from young girls it's not what I expect
from 23 year old women it's not Ryan and
Ryan to me this is one of those
interesting situations where your
perception of sexism in me is 180
degrees wrong throughout this whole
video Ryan you repeatedly make
contemptuous and dismissive remarks of
exactly this kind on the basis of what
can you expect from young girls why
would anyone expect better from 23 year
old women
then the lick my body challenge why
would you have higher standards of
expectations
simply because they are young girls and
he sometimes says young people this is
in reference to need an around age 23
this in reference to vegan cheetah age
28 because they're young people and then
he repeated repeatedly demands of me Who
am I to judge because I'm he says I'm
approximately 40 years old Ryan I've got
to ask you the same question I asked
vegan cheetah when he confronted me
about this over Skype face to face live
Who am I to judge Ryan I don't think
you've taken the time to watch a video
like the lick my body challenge from
Nenana Miranda I think you'll have
trouble sitting through it because it's
garbage content but if you sit down and
watch that video from Nina and Randa
at the end of that video I would ask you
what qualifications do you think I need
to have to judge that video to judge
that content
Ryan very intentionally misrepresented
what I said and why I said it he edited
what I said it is much worse than taking
my words out of context if you watched
the first seven minutes of that video
it's 20 minutes long if you even just
look at the thumbnail image of the video
you would have a very clear sense of the
criticism I offered to Nina and Randa
and why I was criticizing them okay it
is simply not true to say that I was
bullying them however it is true to say
that I criticize them in exactly the
same way I criticize men I criticize men
on this channel far more harshly many 50
times I've criticized men far more
harshly than I have ever criticized Nina
Miranda and sometimes people's physical
appearance is salient and sometimes it's
not in need and randa's case if you're
talking about people who are an aspiring
actress an aspiring model an aspiring
musician in Los Angeles going to an
audition in that context the way you
look is relevant okay in many others
contexts it's not relevant or it's a
very little significance of course when
I'm addressing my critique to Ted car I
do think his physical appearance is
relevant because it's part of what he's
selling it's part of what he's marketing
but 90% of my criticism of Ted car has
to do with his philosophy which I find
much more disturbing and much more
important to criticize nevertheless I
did not choose to sexualize Nina and
Randa in this critique I'm critical of
the fact that their content in a tawdry
way that I described as worse than porn
I very specifically said I have more
respect for actors and actresses in the
porn industry than I have for Nina and
Rand on what they do in these videos
Nina and Randa sexualized themselves in
a manner I find impossible to respect
like the lick my body and challenge and
all these other garbage videos they
upload and Nina and Randa trivialized
themselves and infantilized themselves
they present themselves as idiots
and as young idiots to such an extent
that they even fooled you Ryan
they've even tricked you into defending
them as if their children as if they're
people who shouldn't answered any higher
standard as if they shouldn't have any
better ambitions to do anything better
in the world and the crap they're doing
the so totally mastered the art of
infantilizing themselves the same way
before everyone died when many people
were defending wengie as if she was a
child and were then shocked when I
pointed out that she was thirty years
old
in the same way Ryan you have gone down
this path of treating women like infants
and I think you need to stop wake up and
really challenge yourself would you be
making these excuses for a 23 year old
man